Feature/tinymce5update 1 (#2280)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/demo/tinydrive.adoc

== Interactive example

> This example shows you how to use {cloudfilemanager} for your file and image management. For more information on {cloudfilemanager}, see the xref:plugins/premium/tinydrive.adoc[docs].

Reviewer: This conversion is incorrect... it should be this:
```suggestion
This example shows you how to use {cloudfilemanager} for your file and image management. For more information on {cloudfilemanager}, see the xref:tinydrive/index.adoc[docs].
```
